README.md, before:

# LSP-TexLab

LaTeX support for Sublime's LSP plugin provided through [latex-lsp/texlab](https://github.com/latex-lsp/texlab).

Note that this plugin requires ST >= 4070 and only supports x64 system.

## Installation

1. Install [LSP](https://packagecontrol.io/packages/LSP) and
   [LSP-TexLab](https://packagecontrol.io/packages/LSP-TexLab) via Package Control.
1. (Optional) Install [ChkTex](https://ctan.org/tex-archive/support/chktex) for linting.
1. Restart Sublime.

## Configuration

There are some ways to configure the package and the language server.

- From `Preferences > Package Settings > LSP > Servers > LSP-TexLab`
- From the command palette `Preferences: LSP-TexLab Settings`

## Sublime Commands

| Sublime Command           | Description                                              |
| ------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| lsp_texlab_forward_search | Performs a forward search from the first cursor position |
| lsp_texlab_build          | Build the current file                                   |

## For Plugin Developer

The targeted version of `texlab` is defined in `const.py`.

```py
# @see https://github.com/latex-lsp/texlab/releases
TEXLAB_VERSION = "v2.2.0"
```

If that version is not found on the machine, this plugin will try to download it.

Commit message:

docs: add hintings for Apple M1 users
Signed-off-by: Jack Cherng <jfcherng@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# LSP-TexLab

LaTeX support for Sublime's LSP plugin provided through [latex-lsp/texlab](https://github.com/latex-lsp/texlab).

Note that this plugin requires ST >= 4070 and only supports x64 system.

## Installation

1. Install [LSP](https://packagecontrol.io/packages/LSP) and
   [LSP-TexLab](https://packagecontrol.io/packages/LSP-TexLab) via Package Control.
1. (Optional) Install [ChkTex](https://ctan.org/tex-archive/support/chktex) for linting.
1. Restart Sublime.

### For Apple M1 Users

[There](https://github.com/latex-lsp/texlab/releases) is no official pre-built server binary for Apple M1 (arm64-osx).
So if you want to use this plugin, you would have to build texlab by yourself.

```sh
# build texlab with rust toolchain
cargo install --git https://github.com/latex-lsp/texlab.git --locked
```

And then modify the `"command"` in LSP-TexLab settings:

```js
{
    // if the built binary is in PATH, you can simply use "texlab",
    // otherwise, you would have to specify a absolute path to the texlab binary.
    "command": ["texlab"],
}
```

## Configuration

There are some ways to configure the package and the language server.

- From `Preferences > Package Settings > LSP > Servers > LSP-TexLab`
- From the command palette `Preferences: LSP-TexLab Settings`

## Sublime Commands

| Sublime Command           | Description                                              |
| ------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------- |
| lsp_texlab_forward_search | Performs a forward search from the first cursor position |
| lsp_texlab_build          | Build the current file                                   |

## For Plugin Developer

The targeted version of `texlab` is defined in `const.py`.

```py
# @see https://github.com/latex-lsp/texlab/releases
TEXLAB_VERSION = "v2.2.0"
```

If that version is not found on the machine, this plugin will try to download it.
